hey guys this crow 1176 I'm gonna show
you today again it's called injustice
right here but first I want to show you
how to use a hack or you could get like
all kinds of coins what's called game
hacker so I need to read Exodus I
already have it so habla so alright so
you want to close it open the game I
mean I seen a lot of videos how people
do it but then actually explain it it's
just like tapping on stuff left him
right in it's like really wrong you know
how do I actually do it I will show you
there's actually a pretty cool game
actually I got um Batman Beyond on
which which cell is one of the main
characters I wanted here's my collection
check this out so and I have 63 million
points right so they say a bounty on it
all these characters here and I haven't
leveled them up yet so that's cool I
just got the coins I know there's a hack
for like four level and all the
characters and all that but I'm just not
sure
so you open it up
whatever we have 1663
eight
I'm sorry
so then what you want to do is
modify the value
one spoonful or person savings
so
continue the 6080 - do you want to
the building on itself
Tom's there close it
go backwards for
characters
my home
and vitamin and it is uptick once you
buy Nightwing it'll turn to BAM 999
million okay so there you go that's all
used to do not actually funny so you
have any questions is the new but I
think you guys will be okay with it you
know it's not hard you might want to
just exit all this and well that's it I
guess and so any question let me know
I'll hit the like button if you like
this it's real easy and there you go see
you guys